we are in the gub setubbal and zezinho that is at stake is the end crevious spaces
on the corner
the fall of the statue of the port the victory is well known astana
but that his plans for the next season are not part
1- plans to
is to go back to fortune
next season
we first
do not let victory
sells division that is the most important to me this moment
the comedy brings like swimming pool
At the end of the season each economy loan win
the piano and direction to the harbor is somehow precious
has received indications that the incredible should be here about his
and shall continue in the
to remain in power
he showed himself calm
before this happening letting it happen
he waits at the right moment
I have not got to talk about returning yet.
to talk because at the moment I am very focused on the world the victory and
many factors are most important to me at the moment
the centers have more money
but 4 times have to hire another four year contract with
the comfort
is that in 2003 there was no
believes
believe in your walk
looking
in Kenya enjoy
coming back hard
a dial is a true value
ef
of activity
in a job
as communion of lewdness
I think the fans will not come
the real leandro lima
the saints came to the box and with a little act like new anderson
whats in manchester united
a year I am sure that this is the few physical exercises
opportunities for
It's all played I think the fans and they did not have to fear anything
turned leander was still the leander and does not end
the signed standard
in an alleged area
this opportunity is only hope
we are open have not seen yet
Is all your name on the book?
hehe
when you have that opportunity of them
in the sun
all customer of the year again
the plans range from an insect
in Game
our the chains to the championship title the port
the police
and unfortunately will return to Brazil caused
no one can have your life in that area
So I came back to the
1 is something to the captain who is already part of the past in his life already has overcome
that
thorn building
ban was also going by every day I forgot
it is the new
work well now
calmer
yes, no weight
In life, we've been through everything now.
the chic leandro tiny
at this time
young people and non-young people to orient them
and it's wrong
as it is this morning and that this settles it was difficult to do without
overcome is this
written in black let's say so I know it haunted your house
So for me
I was alone at the time
I did not have any family phone support at all
but I managed to overcome everything
many people gave me support many people who helped me
mainly for everything enough for all this
taking into account the support
ef
I'm very grateful to that.
baltasar
I'm back in the power of something in the album.
yea
there
now with a more mature head
you too
This Best Male Things You Can Do
at the time it was very new and in the world
I did not know what was going on, what could happen
this for me
not
not today
would not happen
now the best head quieter bernstein
I do not advise anyone to do it because
It's the kind of thing he carried for the rest of his life.
even with pain I was still playing helton
serkis if there is more
with a uniform very much night with it and I spoke on the bank of the river perequê to
House
I want to go back but she does it, there's no way she can come back from another mouth to eat
so sprom was something he made that I could not
said he wants to continue the study he is the only way to help the family
and after a while with mine was not here anymore
cable for everything happens
sit down like you do, you feel more about it but it's conta
with all this despite the saints
ready for
tower is to give your best
Lady I feel more
live more
this is a new life practically
but calm and powers
do my job I know
understanding that there was nothing wrong with chem
But nothing to anyone, that leaves me alone.
this season in the victory of setúbal leaves the state
This rate is
just join omc
do not worry about nine
I listened to the interview
nasa is focused on helping win
is the big chance to requirements is a team that has passed
outside several financial difficulties
He was there in
ef
andrews cent is contributing it too with her
this growth of victory now in the last days
in the last games
rosinha
The goal here is what to do because I
I contributed for the victory
I know he
I will make
my best phase more
He is little my limit.
You're not going to make it through the race.
and in scale and ordinary tare
tradition that has
players are very focused internal
very well then
everyone
who fight against victory
to be a decisive time until mines in 15 its adaptation to the soccer
Portuguese
without Internet
at first i put it in the harbor
he was not very fit now he's already in the band
taiana
nothing tb best football
I feel much better already.
Because I'm Portuguese, I'm from la toca. I still have other ambitions.
It's how I said my priority at the moment is
help win
mir
but the
soon after this is timely return in which my goal is this
Hehehe
some people come to the Brazilian team and not only
This is what they bring you and you miss them.
tooth that was andré
of the U-20 World Cup in the Brazilian national team
it's something like that
awesome do you feel
a real player as one speaks speaks really fantastic selection
the lacen wears the yellow shirt
You feel very good fire.
great
Effect on the selection for me the sanctions